obj-$(CONFIG_PACKAGE_TOOLCHAIN_BINUTILS) += binutils
obj-$(CONFIG_PACKAGE_TOOLCHAIN_GCC_CORE) += gcc-core
obj-$(CONFIG_PACKAGE_TOOLCHAIN_GCC) += gcc
obj-$(CONFIG_PACKAGE_TOOLCHAIN_GDB) += gdb
obj-$(CONFIG_PACKAGE_TOOLCHAIN_GLIBC_CLEANUP) += glibc-cleanup
obj-$(CONFIG_PACKAGE_TOOLCHAIN_GLIBC) += glibc
obj-$(CONFIG_PACKAGE_TOOLCHAIN_GLIBC_HEADERS) += glibc-headers
obj-$(CONFIG_PACKAGE_TOOLCHAIN_GMP) += gmp
obj-$(CONFIG_PACKAGE_TOOLCHAIN_KLIBC_CLEANUP) += klibc-cleanup
obj-$(CONFIG_PACKAGE_TOOLCHAIN_KLIBC_HEADERS) += klibc-headers
obj-$(CONFIG_PACKAGE_TOOLCHAIN_KLIBC) += klibc
obj-$(CONFIG_PACKAGE_TOOLCHAIN_LIBFLOAT) += libfloat
obj-$(CONFIG_PACKAGE_TOOLCHAIN_LINUX_HEADERS) += linux-headers
obj-$(CONFIG_PACKAGE_TOOLCHAIN_MAKE) += make
obj-$(CONFIG_PACKAGE_TOOLCHAIN_MINGWRT) += mingwrt
obj-$(CONFIG_PACKAGE_TOOLCHAIN_MPC) += mpc
obj-$(CONFIG_PACKAGE_TOOLCHAIN_MPFR) += mpfr
obj-$(CONFIG_PACKAGE_TOOLCHAIN_NEWLIB) += newlib
obj-$(CONFIG_PACKAGE_TOOLCHAIN_PKGCONFIG) += pkgconfig
obj-$(CONFIG_PACKAGE_TOOLCHAIN_UCLIBC_CLEANUP) += uclibc-cleanup
obj-$(CONFIG_PACKAGE_TOOLCHAIN_UCLIBC_HEADERS) += uclibc-headers
obj-$(CONFIG_PACKAGE_TOOLCHAIN_UCLIBC) += uclibc
obj-$(CONFIG_PACKAGE_TOOLCHAIN_W32API) += w32api
