obj-y += alsa/
obj-y += gstreamer/
obj-y += gstreamer-0.10/
obj-y += telepathy/
obj-y += vaapi/

obj-$(CONFIG_PACKAGE_MULTIMEDIA_ADMP) += admp.git
obj-$(CONFIG_PACKAGE_MULTIMEDIA_BCG729) += bcg729
obj-$(CONFIG_PACKAGE_MULTIMEDIA_FFMPEG) += ffmpeg
obj-$(CONFIG_PACKAGE_MULTIMEDIA_FLAC) += flac
obj-$(CONFIG_PACKAGE_MULTIMEDIA_GLMARK2) += glmark2
obj-$(CONFIG_PACKAGE_MULTIMEDIA_LIBAV) += libav
obj-$(CONFIG_PACKAGE_MULTIMEDIA_LIBDVBPSI) += libdvbpsi
obj-$(CONFIG_PACKAGE_MULTIMEDIA_LIBEXOSIP2) += libexosip2
obj-$(CONFIG_PACKAGE_MULTIMEDIA_LIBID3TAG) += libid3tag
obj-$(CONFIG_PACKAGE_MULTIMEDIA_LIBMAD) += libmad
obj-$(CONFIG_PACKAGE_MULTIMEDIA_LIBMMS) += libmms
obj-$(CONFIG_PACKAGE_MULTIMEDIA_LIBOGG) += libogg
obj-$(CONFIG_PACKAGE_MULTIMEDIA_LIBOSIP2) += libosip2
obj-$(CONFIG_PACKAGE_MULTIMEDIA_LIBSAMPLERATE) += libsamplerate
obj-$(CONFIG_PACKAGE_MULTIMEDIA_LIBTHEORA) += libtheora
obj-$(CONFIG_PACKAGE_MULTIMEDIA_LIBTREMOR) += libtremor
obj-$(CONFIG_PACKAGE_MULTIMEDIA_LIBVORBIS) += libvorbis
obj-$(CONFIG_PACKAGE_MULTIMEDIA_LINPHONE) += linphone
obj-$(CONFIG_PACKAGE_MULTIMEDIA_LIVE) += live
obj-$(CONFIG_PACKAGE_MULTIMEDIA_MPEG2DEC) += mpeg2dec
obj-$(CONFIG_PACKAGE_MULTIMEDIA_MPLAYER) += mplayer
obj-$(CONFIG_PACKAGE_MULTIMEDIA_ORTP) += ortp
obj-$(CONFIG_PACKAGE_MULTIMEDIA_SPEEX) += speex
obj-$(CONFIG_PACKAGE_MULTIMEDIA_V4L_UTILS) += v4l-utils
obj-$(CONFIG_PACKAGE_MULTIMEDIA_VLC) += vlc
obj-$(CONFIG_PACKAGE_MULTIMEDIA_VLC_PLUGIN_GLES2) += vlc-plugin-gles2
obj-$(CONFIG_PACKAGE_MULTIMEDIA_WSCAN) += wscan
obj-$(CONFIG_PACKAGE_MULTIMEDIA_ZVBI) += zvbi
